### Rando-Dalton Imperial (CTRando) Tracker v0.2.4
## Icons Icons Icons (and minor bug fixes)
- Created several new icons to match the aesthetics of the tracker and the game: Yakra Key, Bike Key, Scales, Race Log, Prism Shards
- Modified base map tracker layout to increase icon size for legibility
- Modified many of the icons to scale properly and in proportion to their in game representations
- Switched sprites for the correct Zeal fight
- Gave Giga Gaia hands
- Fixed a small bug introduced in logic by the altering of key items to progressives
- Fixed a small auto-tracking glitch pertaining to equippables

*This version will only automatically assign objectives when using seeds generated with the discord bot. It will fully auto-track completion of objectives on the production version.

### Rando-Dalton Imperial (CTRando) Tracker v0.2.3
## More Clean-up
- More changes for Clone / Ctrigger
- Fixed an issue that would cause objectives to mark complete when accessing the menus in Black Bird
- Merged in some updates to auto-tracker logic from Anguirel

*This version will only automatically assign objectives when using seeds generated with the discord bot. It will fully auto-track completion of objectives on the production version.

### Rando-Dalton Imperial (CTRando) Tracker v0.2.2
## Auto-tracker and Progressive Items
- Made some slight modifications to in game and load screen detection
- Minor update to the order of Clone / Ctrigger

*This version will only automatically assign objectives when using seeds generated with the discord bot. It will fully auto-track completion of objectives on the production version.

### Rando-Dalton Imperial (CTRando) Tracker v0.2.0
## Substantial clean-up
- Merged several items into progressives and updated the auto-tracker to accommodate those changes.
- Reworked the auto-tracker for objectives and compatibility with EmoTracker
- Restored full compatibility with EmoTracker
- Made a tiny tweak to Go Mode tracker code
- Removal of a bunch of JoT related code (thanks to Anguirel)

*Automatic assignment of objectives will only work with seeds generated by the Discord Bot. Once the change is moved to the site, I will update this to a full release.

### v0.1.5 - Objective Auto-tracking
- Objective Auto-tracking

*Automatic assignment of objectives will only work with seeds generated by the Discord Bot. Once the change is moved to the site, I will update this to a full release.

### v0.1.4 - 2300 AD (Future Era) Autotracking Patch
- Hotfixed a few things broken in autotracking code
- Fixed Autotracking For:
	- 600 AD:
		- Giant's Claw Chests
	- 1000 AD:
		- Northern Ruins Chests
	- 2300 AD (Future):
		- Trann Dome Sealed Door Tab
		- Arris Dome Sealed Door Tab
		- Johnny Race Score Tab
		- Lab 32 Highway Chest (Race Log Chest)
		- Keeper's Dome Tab
		- Death Peak Tab and Chests
		- Proto Dome Portal Sparkle
		- Geno Dome Tabs and Chests

### v0.1.3
- Organized Item Layouts for Items Only and Map Tracker
- Actually Updated Broadcast Tracker for Both
- Fixed Autotracking For:
	- 1000 AD:
		- Chrono's Mom Allowance
		- Truce Inn Sealed Chests (600 and 1000)
		- Guardia Forest Sealed Chests (600 and 1000) and 1000 Tab
		- Guardia Castle 1000: 
			- Sealed Chests (600 and 1000)
			- Yakra Chest
			- Prism Shard
			- Melchior's Refinements (Rainbow Shell and Sunstone)
			- Standard Chests
		- Chrono Trial Prison Items
		- Heckran Cave Sealed Chest
		- Medina's Elder Tabs
		- Forest Ruins Sealed Chests
		- West Cape Sparkle
		- Received Tools from Carpenter's Wife 1000
	- Last Village:
		- North Cape Recruit
		- Nu Shop Sparkle

### v0.1.2
- Added Yakra Key to autotracking
- Ensured Laruba Ruins Dactyl Activates if Dactyl is unlocked via Dactyl Nest and vice versa for autotracking.
- Updated the Cathedral Recruit at the Naga-ette battle to activate when you fight the battle rather than if you get a recruit.
- Made the Beast Cave Boss (Mud Imp) a trackable boss and added the autotracking for this.
- Fixed Autotracking for:
	- Guardia Castle 600 (Chests and Chef Rewards)
	- Cathedral Bucket Tab
	- Guardia Forest Tab
	- Naga-ette Bromide Tab
	- Dorino Inn Powermeal
	- Denadoro Mts (Chests, Gold Rock, and Tab Rewards)
	- Porre Market 600 Tab
	- Ozzie's Fort (Chests and Tab Rewards)
	- Sun Keep 600 Tab
	- Northern Ruins 600 Chests
	- Choras Cafe Item from Toma
	- Giant's Claw Sparkles

### v0.1.1
- Removed old Jets of Time Files that were no longer needed.
- Removed Zenan Bridge Captain Check, as it is now automatically gotten as a part of Zombor's boss encounter.
- Added Johnny Race Score check, requiring the Race Log and Chrono to Lab 32.

### v0.1.0
- Added in Yakra Key Check
- Changed Layout to be Items, Bosses, and Events. Moved things around accordingly in the Tracker Layout.
	- This is in preparation for creating a better defined event tracking system for Quests and Gated Checks.
- Updated Broadcast Tracker to Match Item Tracker
- Cleaned up Various Code
- Future Era Updates:
	- Updated Sealed Doors to Properly Require Charged Pendant Access
	- Added Tab Sparkle to Trann Dome Sealed Door Check
	- Separated Arris Dome Chests
	- Added Tab Sparkle to Arris Dome Sealed Door Check
	- Added Tab Sparkle to Proto Dome Time Gate Room
	- Added End of Time Back Door Access to Proto Dome and Factory checks
	- Added Race Log Check which Requires Bike Key
	- Added Death's Peak Sparkle and Chests
	- Broke Apart Geno Dome Checks and Added Sparkles
- Last Village Era Updates:
	- Added Sparkle Behind Nu

### v0.0.7
- Completely Overhauled 1000 AD
	- Added in Tab Checks
		- Guardia Forest 1000
		- Medina Elder's House (2 Sparkles)
		- Norther Ruins (2 Sparkles)
		- West Cape
	- Separated Guardia Castle and Prison Locations
		- Prison checks now assume you need Lucca, but are visible without her, due to possible recruit access.
	- All Prison Chests Added (They are now unmissable)
	- Added in NPC Interaction Checks
		- Chrono's Mom Allowance (Requires Chrono)
		- Truce Mayor's Gift
		- Melchior's Refinements for both Rainbow Shell and Sunstone (Requires King Trial)
		- Carpenter's Wife Tool Gift
	- Changed Sealed Chest Icons
	- Added Sealed Chest to Forest Ruins
	- Made Certain Checks Peekable (Blue, always visible, even without required item)
		- Fair Recruit (If there is one)
		- Prison Recruit (If there is one)
		- Snail Stop
		- Porre Mayor Jerky Trade
	- Various Cleanups to Naming and Code

### v0.0.6
- Updated Prehistory with the Ioka Sweetwater Hut Check
- Completely Overhauled 600 AD
- Autotracking is now completely broken and will be added/updated later

### v0.0.5
- Updated Prehistory with new checks
- Updated Dark Ages with new checks
- Muddled with Autotracking new checks

### v0.0.4
fix for bent hilt/sword lighting up incorrectly in some situations

### v0.0.3
logic update for tyrano lair access requiring ayla

### v0.0.2
Auto Tracking - includes map, objectives, scaling level, key items, bosses, events

### v0.0.1
Item Tracking
Map Tracking